README.md, before:

# Project Name
> Delani Studio

## Table of contents
* [Project description](#project-description)
* [Screenshots](#screenshots)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Setup](#setup)
* [Behaviour driven development](#behaviour-driven-development)
* [Status](#status)
* [Contact](#contact)

## Project description
Delani Studio is a software development agency that aims at developing and designing products for small businesses. Our aim is solving problems in the market.

## Screenshots
[Screenshots of website](images/screencapture-breens-thomas-github-io-Delani-studio-website-2021-01-10-20_42_36.png)

## Technologies
* HTML5/CSS/Bootstrap
* Javascript
* Jquery

## Setup
````
git clone https://github.com/Breens-Thomas/Delani-studio-website.git
cd delani-studio-website
````
## Live link
Link to live [site](https://breens-thomas.github.io/Delani-studio-website/)

## Behaviour driven development
* An about section of what Delani studio does
* Services offered
* A showcase of the projects done in the past
* A contact footer that collects the users email

## Status
Project is: _in progress_

## Contact
Created by [@Breens Mbaka](https://www.linkedin.com/in/breens-mbaka-b447781b9/) - feel free to contact me!

## Copyrigtht
2020 (C) [MIT](LICENSE.txt)

Commit message:

Update progress of project to finished

README.md, after:

# Project Name
> Delani Studio

## Table of contents
* [Project description](#project-description)
* [Screenshots](#screenshots)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Setup](#setup)
* [Behaviour driven development](#behaviour-driven-development)
* [Status](#status)
* [Contact](#contact)

## Project description
Delani Studio is a software development agency that aims at developing and designing products for small businesses. Our aim is solving problems in the market.

## Screenshots
[Screenshots of website](images/screencapture-breens-thomas-github-io-Delani-studio-website-2021-01-10-20_42_36.png)

## Technologies
* HTML5/CSS/Bootstrap
* Javascript
* Jquery

## Setup
````
git clone https://github.com/Breens-Thomas/Delani-studio-website.git
cd delani-studio-website
````
## Live link
Link to live [site](https://breens-thomas.github.io/Delani-studio-website/)

## Behaviour driven development
* An about section of what Delani studio does
* Services offered
* A showcase of the projects done in the past
* A contact footer that collects the users email

## Status
Project is: _finished_it will still be maintained and improved

## Contact
Created by [@Breens Mbaka](https://www.linkedin.com/in/breens-mbaka-b447781b9/) - feel free to contact me!

## Copyrigtht
2020 (C) [MIT](LICENSE.txt)
